# Meeting Transcript 13.04.2023

- present : Nadine, Leon, Maximilian, Gilian, Martin, Timo, Jonas, Sandro, Aaron, Florian, Anna-Maria

## Appreciation: 
- Fileserver: there isn't any good open source fileserver that works fine with keycloak 


## Overworld
- Sandro is satified with all the new changes

## Lecturer Interface
- vertical line representing the average + median

## Memory
- Improvements are accepted

## Towercrush
- Improvements are accepted

## Fileserver
- Not sure how to connect Lecturer interface and fileserver

## Deployement
- We should ask Becker 
----------------------------------------
## Names
- It looks better with names than without names
- It's good for an application

------------------------
- Next meeting 27.04.2023 at 9:45
