# Meeting Transcript 16.03.2023

- present : Patrick H, Patrick N, Maximilian, Timothy, Florian, Timo, Sandro, Leon, Gilian, Anna-Maria, Prof Becker, Jonas



## Overworld
- Changes have been accepted

## Memory
Improvements are accepted

## Regex
Sandro thinks about adding a timer to make it more competitive. 
Becker would like to have a reference reffering the semantic used in the game

## Fileserver
Its more complicated than expected

## Improve Deployement
We should ask Becker 

------------------------
- Next meeting 13.04.2023 at 9:45
