# Meeting Transcript 15.12.2022

## Discussion Point

Leon explained how we misjudged the storypoints regarding the teleporter.
Additionally, he presented the work statistics and Sandro nor Nadine had anything to say about them

## Playerstatistics 
- It misses the connection to the backend
- Sandro nor NAdine had anything to complain about

## Rework World 1
- Sandro would like to have a mark on the interaktiv map. The mark should represent the current location of the player.


## Teleporters
- Sandro would like them to look different. According to him, they dont fit in the current theme of the world.

## Towercrush
- Sandro would like that the charts look like actual towers

## Questions 
- How do we get the legal departmend to approve our privat policy? 
- Dr. Becker should send it to the legal department
-----------
- Who is in charge of the privat policy?
- Either no real person and some config files or the one who deploys it
- Demo: Dr. Becker, Institute...

## Memory Game
- Prototype with txt file
- Later on markdown file campatible


-Next Meeting 12.01.2023 at 9:45
