# Meeting Transcript 22.06.2022

meeting with uwe

- present: Leon H, Max, Aaron, Florian, Gilian, Michael, Uwe

## Lecturer Interface

feedback:

- looks good
- name of lecture chapters need to be added
- UI should look uniform

## class diagram

feedback:

- task is abstract class, split up into:
  - minigame task
  - npc task, dont limit to 10  
- find umbrella term for area, dungeon where both inherit from
  - world?

## tilesets

feedback:

- positive feedback, looks good

## world

- first create one grass world
- copy layout into the other 4 worlds
- first version
- later the worlds can be adapted and build from scratch

## next goals

- interconnect world, dungeons, minigames

## move sprint date a week?

- uwe suggested to move the sprint meeting back a week
- contact uwe on friday if we think a week more is a good idea or if we stay on the same date
